# 2009-Delphi-Master-Dissertation-Extension-of-Ontology-for-Uncertain-RDF-XML-Databases-Information
Abstract:
Ontology contains entities, attributes, properties and axioms for providing general understanding of knowledge pertained to a specific domain. By supporting a web ontology language, users and systems through exchanging and integration of information on the web, can be connected. In semantic web, ontology annotation languages such as Resource Description Framework (RDF) and Web Ontology Language (OWL) for modeling the web contents in a readable approach for machines are suggested. Data and information of these ontology annotation languages, in RDF/XML databases would be stored. Unfortunately conceptual approach supported by current structure of Web Ontology Language is not sufficient for dealing with uncertain and implicit information usually observed in numerous applied domains. A problem is how fuzzy and uncertain data and information can be displayed in OWL. Due to the major playing role of description logics and Web Ontology Language in semantic web and also regarding to   description logic is equivalent to OWL, in this research work, by adding fuzzy membership value to ontology's entities and relations and considering fuzzy  , a fuzzy extension of OWL language is stated. Subsequently Relations modeling of Fuzzy ontology based on fuzzy set theory and fuzzy connection matrix is explained. Furthermore, algorithms for creating and reasoning the virtual fuzzy relations among ontology concepts are illustrated. Consequently, Modeling and suggested algorithms in this research can be applied in ontology annotations language for modeling and displaying uncertain and implicit data, information and fuzzy. 

Key words:  Fuzzy Ontology, Fuzzy Description Logic, Ontology, Web Ontology Language, Description Logic.         
